Tetris, Super Stardust, Katamari Damacy

Game Concept Description

You are the controller of a powerful nanobot, flitting about the surface of a
partially constructed spherical virus in a human body. Your purpose is sinister
and the body that you are infecting is trying desperately to stop the
construction! Enzymes form out of the fluid and latch on to the virus shell,
starting to rip it apart. You position your ship close and fire your weapons to
cut the enzyme into pieces!  As the pieces float away, you notice that a few
broken sections of the enzyme will fit just right into the virus you are
building. You latch onto the desperately needed particles, keeping your eye on
a fuzzy flock of odd shapes coming near, and fit them just into place before a
barrage of antibodies flies into your space.  Frantic dodging on the surface of
the virus and wild firing prevent the destruction of your mission. However a
large chunk of your work gets damaged and floats off into the plasma. You'll
have to work harder to rebuild that section. After several more minutes, you've
built the deadly RNA and the geometric shell of the virus has been completed!
If only you are able to pilot the the virus to a pancreas cell just a few dozen
micrometers away! 

Surviving a blinding attack by much larger antibodies, you blast a lesion onto
the pancreatic cell and attach the virus to the cell wall. The virus enters the
cell and the cell starts twisting and contorting as the virus locates the
nucleus and injects its payload. You now have 2 minutes to build up your
weaponry and shipsize by scavanging amino acids and bits and pieces from
attacking enzymes.  If you fail to achieve the correct size before the virus
takes over the cell, then you can't protect the cell from destruction and you
will fail!  After a final customization of a stolen offensive weapon from an
antibody into your robot, you grow in size and the cell becomes malignent. As
the cell starts reproducing wildly, the surrounding cells notice the chemical
change and send in a request for heavier reinforcements.

If you want your mission to succeed and this person to die, this cancer must
reach at least 500 cells in size in 5 minutes. You, the pilot, being edgy with
anticipation and sweating bullets, see legions of white blood cells flood out
of the surrounding tissue crawling towards your doom.

