Overview
========

The game consists of a Main Menu which takes one to a couple of configure
menus.  If the user chooses Start, they start the first level of the game.  The
game consists of 3 levels, each about a ten minute experience. 

The first level is split into two conceptual halves. The first half is
assembling a virus protein coat, the second is the RNA which encodes the virus.
Attacks by enemies degrade the protein coat and it must be repaired by the
player in addition to completing it. The protein coat can be degraded to
nothing and then it is as if the player started the game anew. When the protein
coat is finished, the player begins to assemble the RNA that goes inside of it.
Enemy attacks only degrade the protein cost, which must also be repaired while
assembling the RNA strand. When the RNA strand and protein coat are finished,
the level ends.

The second level is split into two conceptual pieces. The first half is
protecting the virus while it invades a single cell. Enemies are attacking the
virus and the cell itself that is being attacked in order to destroy it.  You
must protect the cell and the virus. The cell regenerates if it can be defended
well. If the virus is knocked off by antibodies, the level effectively starts
over.  Protecting the virus from being hit allows it to solidify its attempt at
entering the cell and it can survive some attacks during that time. The level
ends when the virus sucessfully infects the cell and 1 minute of very frantic
attacks can be defended while the cell begins dividing.

The third level is split into two conceptual pieces. The first half is
physically dragging the cancer cell ball through the fluid medium towards the
pancreas. White blood cells and other body defenses slip through the walls of
the lymph vessls trying to destroy the cells. Once the pancreas is reached the
second half of the level is a boss fight. There is a lymph node just on the
outside of the pancreas that must be infected with cancer and defeated.  The
boss opens up portals on itself from which white blood cells and other such
things spill out. The player can "launch" cancer cells away from the ball
(which shrink it, but it regenerates by redividing, however if all cells are
used or destroyed by the body, the level is over and the player loses).  If the
player manages to launch cancer cells so they wedge into the portals before the
whiteblood cells come out, then the cancer metastasizes into the lymph, weakens
it, and kills it. When the boss dies, you win the level and enter the pancreas. 

End of game.

Requirements
============

	The game may use as input:
		Joystick
		Gamepad
		Keyboard

	The game plays audio:
		A background sound track
		Sound effects
	
	All graphics and sounds for the game are included in the game.

	The game targets opengl 2.1.

Program Start
=============

User runs the program at the command line.

Main Menu
==========

A Main Menu screen fades in. The background of the game is a closeup
of viruses with an electron microscope:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Phage.jpg

In fact, we could even use that image due to advantageous copyright.

The title of the game is in large font across the top:

                     Pathogenesis Arcanum

Then there is a menu in a smaller font underneath it:

                        Start
                        Controls
						Options

Under that in a yet smaller font, are credits:

			Created by:
				Mick Beaver (charles.m.beaver@gmail.com)
				Peter Keller (psilord@cs.wisc.edu)

